README.md, before:

# StrapDown.js (on GitHub)
[StrapDown.js](https://naereen.github.io/StrapDown.js/) is an awesome web script to write nice-looking webpages in pure Markdown, with no server side compilation.

----

## Features :dizzy:
**StrapDown.js** is already pretty advanced:

 1. *Directly write your documents in Markdown*, and let the browser do the boring *compilation* steps,
 2. no need for CSS, theming or painful styling: *StrapDown.js* is already *friggin' beautiful*, and *responsive*,
 3. *quick* and *secure*, thanks to *GitHub* and their great SSL support. Note : You can also use [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js) to load the script from a quick and secure (HTTPS-aware) CDN.
 4. comes with many examples: [first](example1.html), [second](example2.html), [third](example3.html), [4th](example4.html), [5th](example5.html), [6th](example6.html), [7th](example7.html), [8th](example8.html), [9th](example9.html), [10th](example10.html)...
 5. an almost perfect support for *text-only* browsers (as w3m, links, or elinks): *pure Markdown* is simpler to read than complicated HTML full of javascript, images (or worse),
 6. no external dependencies other than itself (and [MathJax](http://www.mathjax.org/) if you want to include it),
 7. no spying, no logging, no external leaking of your pages (and [Google Analytics with a 1px beacon image](http://perso.crans.org/besson/beacon.html) can be included with an option,
 8. an excellent support of [*MathJax*](http://www.mathjax.org/), as shown in [this example](example3.html) or [that one](example5.html),
 9. quite lightweight: [![Only 32 Kb](https://badge-size.herokuapp.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/master/strapdown.min.js)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/master/strapdown.min.js),
 10. and, the last but not the least, an *experimental* embedding of the awesome [SquirtFR](//lbesson.bitbucket.io/squirt) bookmarklet to read *as quickly as Lucky Luke*.
 11. Note : You can also use [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js) to have a true HTTPS support, by loading the script from a quick and secure (HTTPS-aware) CDN.


## Drawbacks? :bug:
But there is also have a few things you need to know before using it:

 1. It might get slow for *very long* pages, even if a **3000-line** document is handled very well and quickl ([you can test by yourself with this long document](3000.html)),
 2. a reduced support for browsers *without javascript* or *with javascript disabled* (the pages are still readable, but really *ugly*),
 3. hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/) and served by [JsDelivr](https://JsDelivr.com), which are wonderful but *might* not be always available.

## Concretely
Concretely, GitHub is [always](http://status.github.com/) *up*, *secured* and *quick* (oooh, and it is also awesome, completely free, and awesome too). Yeah, *is it so awesome* that I had to say it *twice*, you read it correctly!

But if you prefer, feel free to download the project (with [StrapDown.js.zip](https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/lbesson.bitbucket.org/downloads/StrapDown.js.zip)) and upload it somewhere on your own server, or locally on your machine.

As the script is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/), it can be loaded *quickly* and *securely* from [cdn.JsDelivr.com](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js): [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js)!

> ### A quick "thank you" to the [initial project](https://github.com/arturadib/strapdown/)
> My version of StrapDown.js is a fork of [strapdownjs.com](http://strapdownjs.com), a cool project that [kinda seems dead by now](https://github.com/arturadib/strapdown/graphs/contributors).

----

## Examples :boom:
### Here is a first demo:
![First demo](demo1.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

### [This page](//lbesson.bitbucket.io/md/index.html) explains how to use StrapDown.js:
![Second demo](demo2.png "Demo of the demo!")

----

### There is also many [different themes](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/tree/master/themes/):
![Third demo](demo3.png "Small example with the Cyborg theme")

----

### StrapDown.js supports [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org/), and it's really easy to use!
![Forth demo](demo4.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

### StrapDown.js also supports [MarkDown tables](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/#tables):
![Fifth demo](demo5.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

### And as any web-based document, a StrapDown.js powered HTML page can include any Javascript script, like this example which shows a research bar for a table:
![Sixth demo](demo6.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

## More details
More details on [//lbesson.bitbucket.io/md/index.html](//lbesson.bitbucket.io/md/index.html), with examples and extra explanations.

----

## About
### Hacked by [Lilian Besson](https://github.com/Naereen) (Naereen).

### Languages
 - [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javascript),
 - [HTML 5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) and [CSS 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets).

[![ForTheBadge uses-js](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-js.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)
[![ForTheBadge uses-html](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)
[![ForTheBadge uses-css](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)

### :scroll: License ? [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/blob/master/LICENSE)
[MIT Licensed](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/) (file [LICENSE](LICENSE)).
© [Lilian Besson](https://GitHub.com/Naereen), 2015-16.

[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Ask Me Anything !](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20me-anything-1abc9c.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/ama)
[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-38514290-17/github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/README.md?pixel)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/)

[![made-with-MathJax](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-MathJax-1f425f.svg)](https://www.mathjax.org/)

[![ForTheBadge built-with-love](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/)

[![ForTheBadge uses-badges](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-badges.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)
[![ForTheBadge uses-git](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-git.svg)](https://GitHub.com/)

Commit message:

IGBF-3173 Explain main branch is for Loraine Lab

README.md, after:

# About this repository

The Loraine Lab uses branch "main" as our main line of development.
This repository was imported from github, where the main line of
development is "master."
As needed, we will cherry-pick new commits to the master branch being
made on github onto our "main" branch.

* * *


# StrapDown.js (on GitHub)
[StrapDown.js](https://naereen.github.io/StrapDown.js/) is an awesome web script to write nice-looking webpages in pure Markdown, with no server side compilation.

----

## Features :dizzy:
**StrapDown.js** is already pretty advanced:

 1. *Directly write your documents in Markdown*, and let the browser do the boring *compilation* steps,
 2. no need for CSS, theming or painful styling: *StrapDown.js* is already *friggin' beautiful*, and *responsive*,
 3. *quick* and *secure*, thanks to *GitHub* and their great SSL support. Note : You can also use [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js) to load the script from a quick and secure (HTTPS-aware) CDN.
 4. comes with many examples: [first](example1.html), [second](example2.html), [third](example3.html), [4th](example4.html), [5th](example5.html), [6th](example6.html), [7th](example7.html), [8th](example8.html), [9th](example9.html), [10th](example10.html)...
 5. an almost perfect support for *text-only* browsers (as w3m, links, or elinks): *pure Markdown* is simpler to read than complicated HTML full of javascript, images (or worse),
 6. no external dependencies other than itself (and [MathJax](http://www.mathjax.org/) if you want to include it),
 7. no spying, no logging, no external leaking of your pages (and [Google Analytics with a 1px beacon image](http://perso.crans.org/besson/beacon.html) can be included with an option,
 8. an excellent support of [*MathJax*](http://www.mathjax.org/), as shown in [this example](example3.html) or [that one](example5.html),
 9. quite lightweight: [![Only 32 Kb](https://badge-size.herokuapp.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/master/strapdown.min.js)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/master/strapdown.min.js),
 10. and, the last but not the least, an *experimental* embedding of the awesome [SquirtFR](//lbesson.bitbucket.io/squirt) bookmarklet to read *as quickly as Lucky Luke*.
 11. Note : You can also use [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js) to have a true HTTPS support, by loading the script from a quick and secure (HTTPS-aware) CDN.


## Drawbacks? :bug:
But there is also have a few things you need to know before using it:

 1. It might get slow for *very long* pages, even if a **3000-line** document is handled very well and quickl ([you can test by yourself with this long document](3000.html)),
 2. a reduced support for browsers *without javascript* or *with javascript disabled* (the pages are still readable, but really *ugly*),
 3. hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/) and served by [JsDelivr](https://JsDelivr.com), which are wonderful but *might* not be always available.

## Concretely
Concretely, GitHub is [always](http://status.github.com/) *up*, *secured* and *quick* (oooh, and it is also awesome, completely free, and awesome too). Yeah, *is it so awesome* that I had to say it *twice*, you read it correctly!

But if you prefer, feel free to download the project (with [StrapDown.js.zip](https://bitbucket.org/lbesson/lbesson.bitbucket.org/downloads/StrapDown.js.zip)) and upload it somewhere on your own server, or locally on your machine.

As the script is hosted on [GitHub](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/), it can be loaded *quickly* and *securely* from [cdn.JsDelivr.com](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js): [https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js](https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/Naereen/StrapDown.js@master/strapdown.min.js)!

> ### A quick "thank you" to the [initial project](https://github.com/arturadib/strapdown/)
> My version of StrapDown.js is a fork of [strapdownjs.com](http://strapdownjs.com), a cool project that [kinda seems dead by now](https://github.com/arturadib/strapdown/graphs/contributors).

----

## Examples :boom:
### Here is a first demo:
![First demo](demo1.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

### [This page](//lbesson.bitbucket.io/md/index.html) explains how to use StrapDown.js:
![Second demo](demo2.png "Demo of the demo!")

----

### There is also many [different themes](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/tree/master/themes/):
![Third demo](demo3.png "Small example with the Cyborg theme")

----

### StrapDown.js supports [MathJax](https://www.mathjax.org/), and it's really easy to use!
![Forth demo](demo4.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

### StrapDown.js also supports [MarkDown tables](https://help.github.com/articles/github-flavored-markdown/#tables):
![Fifth demo](demo5.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

### And as any web-based document, a StrapDown.js powered HTML page can include any Javascript script, like this example which shows a research bar for a table:
![Sixth demo](demo6.png "First lines of the index.html page")

----

## More details
More details on [//lbesson.bitbucket.io/md/index.html](//lbesson.bitbucket.io/md/index.html), with examples and extra explanations.

----

## About
### Hacked by [Lilian Besson](https://github.com/Naereen) (Naereen).

### Languages
 - [JavaScript](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Javascript),
 - [HTML 5](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) and [CSS 3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cascading_Style_Sheets).

[![ForTheBadge uses-js](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-js.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)
[![ForTheBadge uses-html](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-html.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)
[![ForTheBadge uses-css](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-css.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)

### :scroll: License ? [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Naereen/StrapDown.js.svg)](https://github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/blob/master/LICENSE)
[MIT Licensed](https://lbesson.mit-license.org/) (file [LICENSE](LICENSE)).
© [Lilian Besson](https://GitHub.com/Naereen), 2015-16.

[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/Maintained%3F-yes-green.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/graphs/commit-activity)
[![Ask Me Anything !](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ask%20me-anything-1abc9c.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/ama)
[![Analytics](https://ga-beacon.appspot.com/UA-38514290-17/github.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/README.md?pixel)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/StrapDown.js/)

[![made-with-MathJax](https://img.shields.io/badge/Made%20with-MathJax-1f425f.svg)](https://www.mathjax.org/)

[![ForTheBadge built-with-love](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](https://GitHub.com/Naereen/)

[![ForTheBadge uses-badges](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-badges.svg)](http://ForTheBadge.com)
[![ForTheBadge uses-git](http://ForTheBadge.com/images/badges/uses-git.svg)](https://GitHub.com/)
